Text-Tabs-Wrap
==============

Text-Tabs-Wrap is a port of the Perl 5 Text-Tabs+Wrap distribution to Perl 6. The API is slightly
different because we have all the Perl 6 bells and whistles, but the module should behave the same
(i.e. the original testcases are still used and should pass cleanly).

Text::Tabs provides the `expand` and `unexpand` functions, which perform the same job that the
Unix `expand(1)` and `unexpand(1)` commands do: adding or removing tabs from a document.

Text::Wrap gives you `wrap` and `fill` functions. `wrap` will break up long lines; it doesn't join
short lines together. `fill` reformats entire blocks of text, similar to vi's `gq` command.

Current status (2013-06-03)
---------------------------

Works on Rakudo (tested on version `2013.05-207-g2367dad`) and Niecza Perl 6 (`v24-62-g95dde43`)
equally well. That is to say, both currently fail the same few tests.

The code tries hard to avoid Rakudoisms or Nieczaisms and should work in any reasonably
spec-compliant implementation, but there are a few ugly workarounds in the code to make it work in
those two (which we'd really like to get rid of).

Installing
----------

If you're using a Perl compatible with it, installing via [Panda](https://github.com/tadzik/panda/)
is recommended.

If you prefer to do things manually instead, you can run the test suite like so:

    PERL6LIB="lib:path/to/Test-Corpus/lib" prove -e perl6
    PERL6LIB="lib:path/to/Test-Corpus/lib" prove -e 'mono path/to/Niecza.exe'

Credits
-------

[Takadonet](https://github.com/Takadonet) did the initial porting work from Perl 5 to 6, and
[flussence](https://github.com/flussence) rewrote everything to look nicer.

The original Perl 5 code was created by [David Muir Sharnoff](http://search.cpan.org/~muir/).
